---
layout: post
title: "February update"
date: 2026-02-28
description: "Lucifer Read’s monthly updates on their writing journey, including 'The Radiants', the Heliopaides saga, and the Éskhatos Kósmos."
---

Hello readers,

February has been an unusual month as I have done very little writing. Thankfully I have been productive in other aspects, so let’s jump into it.

### Update
My <a href="https://luciferread.com/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">website is live</a>! It was good fun making it and adding some unique features, including a live eclipse tracker and embedding <a href="https://apod.nasa.gov/apod/astropix.html" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">NASA’s image of the day</a>. Check it out if you’re interested, and feel free to use any aspect for your own websites: the code is all freely available on my <a href="https://github.com/luciferread/luciferread.github.io" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">GitHub page</a>.

I’ve received several comments from my beta readers which I’ve been collating. I’m relieved many were able to make their way through the story, and feedback has been positive overall. But of course there’s always room for improvement…

### Plan
For March, I intend to incorporate the feedback I’ve received from my beta readers. I’m very happy I went ahead with this, as there were some repeated issues/questions that need to be addressed. I’ve arranged a copyeditor/proofreader for early April, so it will be a busy month as I finalise the novel.

### Cool science
I would be remiss if I didn’t talk about the <a href="https://www.universetoday.com/articles/into-totality-our-complete-guide-to-the-march-3rd-total-lunar-eclipse" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">upcoming total lunar eclipse</a>. It will occur this coming Monday/Tuesday (March 2nd/3rd), with totality lasting for almost an hour. Best viewing will be for those living in Eastern Australia, New Zealand, Japan, far eastern Russia, Hawaii, Alaska and NW North America. In short, make sure you look to the skies!

Only love,

Lucifer Read



