---
layout: post
title: "June update"
date: 2026-06-30
description: "Lucifer Read’s monthly updates on their writing journey, including 'The Radiants', the Heliopaides saga, and the Éskhatos Kósmos."
---

Hello readers,

Another slower month than expected. Who knew working on a novel whilst maintaining a full-time job could be so time consuming? But things are still moving forward, so I can't complain too much.

### Story Update
I'm still going through the comments from the copyeditor. I'm spending my time ensuring it's as perfect as possible, whilst making notes on small details I need to alter. It's taking longer than I anticipated (I'm about half way), but I'm happy with how it's looking.

The other big thing I've now pushed is <a href="https://luciferread.com/lit-LLM.html" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">my LLM literary analysis tool that's now available</a>. It can read your novel (or even better, a synopsis) and will provide a range of insights including genre, comparable authors, even a blurb. I've also included a chat function to discuss the analysis or just have general discussions without running anything. It's completely free and runs locally so nothing can go online. (After downloading the LLM in your browser you can turn off your internet and use it without concern of anything going online.) I've named it after one of the main characters, Adham, who enjoys a good read. I hope his insights will help you with your own works.

**HOWEVER**, the LLM is by no means perfect. Its speed is dependent on your laptop/computer, so it can be slow. Take everything it says with a grain of salt, as it can be very wrong at times. I tested it against well known novels to see how it performed, and it would be wrong at times. My recommendation is to use it to give you ideas of potential genres/comparable authors as a starting point.

A python-based script is also available on <a href="https://github.com/luciferread/lit_analysis_LLM" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">my Github</a> for those that want even more control. If you want to do something similar for your own website, you can look at <a href="https://github.com/luciferread/luciferread.github.io" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">my Github page</a>. Everything is free for use!

### Plan
I'll continue working on the copyedit comments. I just need to dedicate more time to focus and get it done. I'd also like to have a preview of the novel available as a magnet for subscribers, so you'll be the first to hear when it goes live.

I've been getting better with the socials, so will continue making my presence known. Slow and steady!

### Cool Science
After black holes consume stars, <a href="https://www.universetoday.com/articles/the-black-holes-that-burp-years-after-they-eat" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">the black hole can release large bursts of radio waves</a>. Essentially, the black hole burbs. Researchers are even able to predict when a black hole may be releasing some of its meal. Food for thought.

Only love,

Lucifer Read

